Adds information about caching in MGT components (#12227)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/customize-components/cache.md

# Microsoft Graph Toolkit caching

The Microsoft Graph Toolkit supports caching of select Microsoft Graph API calls. Calls are being cached per entity, eg. people, contact, photo. This allows one component to retrieve the data and other components to reuse it without calling Microsoft Graph.

> [!TIP]
> For more information about which entities are cached by each component, see the component's documentation.

> The data for each entity is stored in a separate IndexedDB. You can view the cache on the developer panel. On the **Application** tab, in the **Storage** pane, go to the **IndexedDB** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databases created by mgt for caching are prefixed with `mgt-`. The data for each entity is stored in a separate object store. To inspect the cache, use the **Application** tab in the developer panel (F12 tools) - under the **Storage** section, click on the **IndexedDB** tab. 
```
